---
title: "Runtime Bridge 2.0 Release Note"
weight: 2004
menu:
  mine:
    parent: "mine-prb2"
---
## Overview

Runtime Bridge 2 uses P2P technologies to improve the mining experience. It allows multiple lifecycle instance share data providers to reduce storage pressure and support data provider redundancy to ensure overall stability.

- To use with docker: `docker pull phalanetwork/prb:next`
- To use monitor with docker: `docker pull phalanetwork/prb-monitor:next`

## Walkie

The internal communication protocol has been refactored with `libp2p`(The same protocol that Substrate uses), which provides component discovery ability to build a setup quickly.

Also, we’ve made it a separate package to make the API easier to use. Run `yarn add @phala/runtime-bridge-walkie` to add it to your Node.js app simply.

Source code: [https://github.com/Phala-Network/runtime-bridge-walkie](https://github.com/Phala-Network/runtime-bridge-walkie)

Detailed documents will be up with the stable release of Runtime Bridge 2.

## Data Provider

The old `fetch` component has been upgraded to `data_provider`. It does the same as the old `fetch` component but also serves as a blob server.

## Lifecycle

One lifecycle instance now runs multiple runners if it has too many workers due to the thread-safe model of Node.js.

Saved critical information is encrypted now. The raw `polkadotJson` can be no more exported.

## Monitor

The monitor can discover running components automatically thanks to `libp2p`.

## Updates from beta.0
- Fix: OOM issues
- Fix: BlockNumberMismatch

## Known issues
- Data Provider: Synching from the P2P network is not implemented yet.
- Monitor: The functionalities to add/edit/delete workers/pools are not implemented yet.
- Trade: Will deprecate `bee-queue` in future releases.
